RN(7.10.4): write bug fix list for 7.10.4 release (#1198)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/release-notes.md

* BST-171 Can't share a project on github using HTTPS and double authentication factor
* BST-341 On MacOS, Studio installer might not detect the installed JRE

### Fixes in Bonita 7.10.4 (2020-04-02)
#### Fixes in Bonita Development Suite (Studio and UI Designer)

> * UID-253 - we should not be able to switch a widget to tab widget

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* UID-253 - Switching a widget to a tab widget should not be possible
```

* UID-244 - Mac os .DS_Store prevents UID to start

> * UID-243 - UI designer fails to starts when page workspace does not contain folders only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* UID-243 - UI Designer fails to start when pages workspace does not contain folders only
```

> * STUDIO-3477 - Deploy fails when launched after a git update containing a BDM change used in updated process

Reviewer: The jira bug resolution is "unresolved" but its status is "resolved". This is no easy query to perform. Good catch.

> 

Reviewer: Bugs should be ordered by ASC jira order.
Studio bugs before UID bugs.

Author: Done
